Họ và tên: Lê Minh Nhựt
MSSV: 2001180152
Lớp: AV B2 sáng thứ 7 tiết 4-5-6

Đề 2: Hãy viết đoạn văn tiếng Anh (5 - 15 câu) về diễn biến cuộc sống và 
việc học online của bạn trong hiện tại xảy ra như thế nào ?

Bài Làm

Currently, the world is facing a big epidemic and this is considered the hottest topic of the whole world because it has high fatality rates when the person is infected and it 
is called COVID-19 (1). In Vietnam, the government decided to ban mass gatherings to limit the spread of the disease and control the epidemic more easily, so it had to close amusement 
parks, cinemas, companies, schools... so it greatly affects the life and activities of everyone and myself (2). After implementing the government's decision, my school stopped 
organizing centralized teaching and switched to teaching online learning (3). Therefore, after hearing the announcement from the school, I and most of the students had to move 
from the dormitory room to their own home because online learning can be learned anywhere as long as you have a phone connected to the internet and save on living costs (4).
I will tell you about my current life and online studies (5). Every day, after waking up, I usually exercise to train my body, then I help my mother with the housework (6)
After that, I did the homework given by the teacher last week and video call with my friend to discuss how to do the group exercise(7).
After doing the exercises, I started to study online with the teacher, according to the schedule that I can be flexible about the time to help the family (8).
For me, online learning has the following advantages and disadvantages (9). In terms of advantages, first, online learning is more comfortable because I can study anywhere and with 
any posture(10). Next is that I can stay with my family and have more free time to learn more knowledge through the internet (11).
Regarding difficulties, online learning makes it easy for me to lose focus, so the process of acquiring knowledge is difficult, but it gives me the initiative in learning, cannot meet 
friends directly, cannot communicate with teachers flexibly, and sometimes when the power goes out, I can't use the internet to enter the classroom (12).
During this time, I hope everyone does well with the government's 5K message, wearing a mask when going out and not gathering in large numbers (13).
Finally, I hope that my family, doctor, teachers, friends...have a lot of health to overcome the epidemic and I can go back to school to talk with teachers, friends...especially to 
listen to dedicated teaching of teachers directly in the classroom (14).
Thank you for reading (15).






















